Just talk.
What are you doing with your hands and feet?
You're making my face fat
I'm just looking at that dull stupid
Who would have thought he would be so capable?
Hey, you said that if you are gone
I don't know anyone else with good skills
What should I do?
You can't miss me, okay?
Even if I'm not by your side, sometimes
But it's also in your account book.
If I really lose you, my hands will be dead
You really hit the bed
What are you doing together?
Don't I want Qin Hongxin to misunderstand and think too much?
That means you still miss it.
You talk nonsense
Okay, okay, boss, I was wrong, please forgive me.
So do you promise me or not?
Look at your performance
Why are you sleeping in separate beds tonight?
As for thinking about it for so long, is it so hard to answer?
that
Continue to divide
how
What's the matter? I answered the question wrong.
Why don't you have any professionalism at all?
Who is it divided into?
This Qin Hongxing is also a passerby A, B, C, D
If you look in from the outside
Didn't you see everything?
This was before liberation
Let you execute lurking behind enemy lines
Once you are discovered
You will definitely become a traitor in a second
You don't need the Japanese to rely on words and deeds to fight.
How did I become a traitor?
Forget it, I still need someone
I didn't think it through.
Would you rather be gay?
With your current performance
It's hard to make the last episode
I believe you will complete the task successfully
If you give me another chance, I will definitely perform well.
So sleep in separate beds tonight?
No distinction, absolutely no distinction.
Don't let anyone know to avoid walking wind and frost
Don't be greedy
I would rather be gay
If you don't force it, how can you force it?
It's not like we haven't slept together
At the previous lurking dike
Aren't all those fake ambushes in war zones like this?
Do you remember that bony flower?
What should I do? Although it doesn't matter if I talk about divorce
Why is it still a little reluctant now?